Okay, so your turn is to take the dish
card and basically strip it down.
Go ahead and use your defined props and
define emits to practice
defining that here.
So I will see you on the other side.
So first thing first, let's go ahead and
throw on that setup attribute.
So we can delete that import for
sure, and now I can delete this.
And then once again let's
just comment this out for
the sake of making things easier.
And then we can canst,
statusColor equals computed.
And actually I need to import that, so
let me use the autocomplete
to import that, great.
Then that comes down here,
that looks good.
And then the dish right now, it will be
broken but we know that, so that's fine.
And finally, we have const deleteDish.
It's just a normal function, and once
again, we know that this is gonna break so
we'll just comment that out real quick.
Then we have that, that,
that, done, all right.
So now we complete what we wanna do,
so we have type propTypes.
And I'm just gonna say that there
is a dish, it will be of type Dish.
And therefore when we define the props,
we will pass it in
via typecasting that we have propTypes and
then we run it as a function.
Don't forget this part, this part
is important cuz it needs to run.
And then that takes care of all that
because the required property is taken
care of by the fact that
it's a property on there.
And finally, we will define the emits.
And this time similarly, we'll also
pass it in the typecasting here.
We'll use the parentheses so
that the event, what is the event called?
It's called delete-dish.
And then what are we
expecting as the payload?
We're expecting a dish of type Dish.
And finally, what will it return?
It's not gonna return anything,
so it's void.
So once we have that,
we're not quite done yet
cuz we need to actually
refer to the things.
So we'll have const props equals this,
and then we can say props.dish.status.
And then down here, we can just delete
this line entirely because when we, wait,
I did not define my emit yet,
so const emit, there you go.
Once I have assigned that,
then we can emit.
And then once again, control space is I
believe how most of us should be able to
get to it, that should be Mac or pc.
And then that'll give
you the auto complete.
Now if you're like me and you have
a bunch, don't forget that you always
have to hit the up key first to get
down to the bottom, I don't know why.
But for now at least that's
how it's ordered on mine.
So if you can't find it,
it's probably cuz you need to hit up.
Then from here, what do we need?
Well, we need a dish, so props.dish.
There we go.
And so we can actually see even
the signature here, right,
event delete dish takes type dish, done.
And I think that's everything.
No squiggly lines.
Wait, we don't need this anymore,
unused, walla, magic.